hello everyone this is paradise key and
this is the first video for this channel
on YouTube it's a new account my old
account has been hacked and well new one
well I'm going to talk about it i'll
pick the one different from the other
one but i hope you enjoy both well first
thing I it concerns with diving in
Greece well this dear friend of mine una
copita that your tube
did your name well maybe you have heard
of fears it's very popular for sure
finding videos Greek fandub reduces were
great well he has started and you stand
on it and a new project c is going to
send up Sailor Moon R movies in great in
Greek well I'm sure to tell you that
all the cast is amazing and it computes
this work is somewhere in an
extraordinary
well and they just want to avoid that
you've known about this news channel if
you're interested I'll
you sent a big material the move is
going to be applied in about four to
there's the are still work to be done
but while we're doing work around here
the link up so you can check the channel
where the movie will be uploaded and
there you will find some teachers some
greater again going to be some great
voices a great cast nikka pizza was
interested late I'm also
see also gave me apart Sailor Mercury
spar so yes I don't know how good I am
bad the rest of the night reserved good
well better than me and the second topic
aight concerns gamers it's about love
trigger fled well rice is coming to
greece and we're all very excited and i
wanted to share my senses with you guys
well it's gonna be pretty cute things
well there's gonna be fun cosplay with
my friends are gonna cosplay there and
of course the competition between teams
so prepare yourself summoners well
that's about it I really helped you
could make it
a Greek lounge
to riots event and we can grease yes I
could have missed up your butt so
I hope you can make it to this great
event goes if you love the League of
Legends will be sure they I'm sure you
when I want to miss
so if you live in Greece it's pretty
good
well they're gonna be competitions
we
hopefully looks fun so we're effective
spirituality well sorry but the sweetest
kind of sloppy and the environment i
unwittingly helped because of this is
I was just making my custard costume and
thank you I may be top of this around so
maybe I should make this for you for you
guys so you I don't know well thank you
very much for watching ah if you like
what you're hearing or seeing please
subscribe to my channel I've been around
and I teach you but as I said I setting
up this video my previous youtube
account head its exact and it's pretty
much
well thanks again thank you for watching
and enjoy yourself we fund of league of
legends of voice son dubbing and
customer all right